So, what's the show about?
It's about nothing
No story?
No, forget the story
You gotta have a story
Remember when we were waiting for that table at that Chinese restaurant that time
It's not fair that people are seated first come first served. It should be based on who is hungriest
That could be a TV show
And who is on the show? Who are the characters?
I could be a character
You?
I think lustrous hair is very important for me
You...She... violated
I did it!
I'm a character
People are always saying to me, you know, you're quite the character
Finally, my stupidity pays off!
And who else is on the show?
Elaine could be a character
You don't think I could put [inaudible] on the seats?
Get outta here!
Is it possible I'm not as attractive as I think I am?
Kramer
Yeah
[Wierd sounds]
[screaming]
Now, he's a character!
I'm Kramer
And it's about nothing?
Absolutely nothing
Seinfeld on 2
I think you may have something here
[Audience laughter]